we pretty much wrapped up the exterior
on the last show that we had here but
even though the stucco got its final
coat the front entry got his copper
cladding and the concrete work was done
the landscape was mostly bare dirt not
looking real good last few days Eric
Baldus and his crew have been here
they've been carving out new beds laying
edging running sprinklers and planting a
new yard that's going to blend in nicely
with the whole area after the the
planting beds you know were laid out
then it's just really choosing the look
that you want to go for and and really
the effect that you want to achieve and
you know that first and foremost look
after the beds were created was to
soften up this front wall we built a
very short concrete wall that kind of
separated public and private but they
use the landscaper used different plants
to kind of buffer that wall yeah what we
have here is a number of different
grasses this one right here is is little
bluestem and it's a native for us here
in Minnesota we have quite a few native
plants or native type species the reason
why we tried to use a lot of the native
plants is is generally their appearance
is a little bit more loose you really
just kind of let him go and that was one
of the important things for Nick was
just that it was minimal maintenance and
there was not a whole lot of work with
dealing with the shrubs the broadleaf
rhododendrons are real nice because you
know it has this real coarse texture
really Hardy yeah which should be a nice
contrast to the the light blue texture
of the of the fescues this was kind of
an interesting lot when we started out
due to the fact that along one whole
side of property actually along the back
side too is a lot of buckthorn and we
remove that entire screen so what we're
planting here is an evergreen hedge it's
going to be pyramidal arborvitae s so
it'll be a nice solid hedge row across
here again kind of tying in the flat
lines of the house of a vertical line
then of this hedgerow in the backyard
where we fall away and have a two-story
facade landscaper did a great job of
bringing some vertical elements into the
landscape right next to the house but
then allowing the backyard to open up
cell
really does they complement one another
i think you know there's not really a
lot of grass sod to mow there will be
some but on a percentage basis it's
pretty low so indeed it is kind of a low
maintenance landscape I'd a lot of
planting to go some mulching to do but
that should give you an idea of how
Eric's using native plants to make a
beautiful landscape